this is video of a man who works at a
pizza place here in Southern California
who did something that can only be
described as magical here he is pizza Oh
yep right there let's take a look at
that again in slow motion if he could
you'd see one-handed he drops the peen
he's like up I'll put her right there on
the peel he is the Sully Sullenberger of
Pizza and he is here with us tonight
from toppers pizza in Camarillo
California please welcome Christian
Valadez Christian
[Applause]
[Music]
first of all incredible just
unbelievable how long have you been
working at Stoppers Oh three years three
years and what is your position there
assistant manager and did they promote
you to that because of that move no
you're already the assistant manager
then did they look at that and go wow
this guy's got to be got to run the
store we need to fire whoever's running
things that video has been seen what
seven and a half million times yeah how
many times have you watched it probably
a million times a million so our people
now recognizing you in the store are
coming in to see you in the store yes
yeah and what did they say to you when
they see it are you in that video
yeah and that's it they're want to take
a picture did you burn yourself uh yeah
a little on the grass okay
did you miss any work uh no oh wow look
at that that's unbelievable
and have you ever done anything like
this before
can pizza you ever over no no no if it
was a pineapple pizza would you have let
it fall on the floor I just maybe maybe
have you received a call from the
president or an invitation of the White
House now who would you like to play you
in when they eventually when they make a
movie about this story is there an actor
you have in mind that you would like to
have that role Tom Hanks Tom well anyway
we wanted to celebrate this incredible
achievement so tonight we reached out to
the governor of California Gavin Newsom
and we asked him to honor you in some
way we're thinking maybe he named a
bridge after you or a street an
expressway or anyway he didn't call back
but but we don't need the governor
because I will say this by the power
vested in me as a television host I
hereby declare June 18th to be Christian
Valadez Day
[Applause]
[Music]
these golden oven mitts so you never
burn your magic fingers again
Kristen here in California your amazing
feat is inspiring celebrations all
around the world let's go to the board
and Washington DC tonight in Croatia
they're celebrating in Austin Texas you
can see and see who the Philippines
Puyol Spain is having a celebration
Pyongyang North Korea is celebrating
Tallahassee Florida and even Bangkok
Thailand so congratulations preaching we
salute you with a bouquet of scalp
what are those flowers smell like
pepperoni pepperoni roses
I am also proud to present you with the
Nobel pizza prize there it is
[Applause]
on this special day at this special
moment that you would like to say to
America go ahead Christian thank you for
all the support
shout out to my Jessie my general
manager eat more pizza
[Applause]
[Music]
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
Oh